# Fullstack Project Template
This template is designed to jumpstart a new project using our 2024 tech stack. It bypasses a lot of boilerplate setup and is pre-formatted to our preferences.

## Our Tech Stack

### Backend: Rust
We use [Rust](https://rust-lang.org/) to build our backends because it is not only fast but extremely safe. While the language has a somewhat steep learning curve, it has quickly become one of the world's most loved programming languages.

#### Web Framework: Rocket
[Rocket](https://rocket.rs/) is a batteries-included web framework written entirely in Rust. Like Rust, Rocket is focused on speed and memory safety, but it is also very straightforward and intuitive in its design choices.

#### Database Interactions: SQLx
For database functionality, we make use of [SQLx](https://github.com/launchbadge/sqlx) because it is cut and dry. It isn't an ORM, meaning that we are able to write SQL queries without having to learn something new. It's also asynchronous, which most of our operations require.

### Frontend: Svelte
[Svelte](https://svelte.dev) is a modern web framework which has rapidly developed a cult following for its clean and minimal syntax, hassle-free component system, and zero-effort optimization through its compiler.

#### Logic: TypeScript
[TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), as the name implies, is a superset of JavaScript which is strongly typed. Like Rust, this is a safety measure which helps prevent bugs before they happen. TypeScript also compiles to pure JavaScript, which means that it will run on pretty much every browser where it's allowed.

### Database: MySQL
It's widely-known and dead simple; moreover, it's what we're already using on our internal servers. Not much else to say!

## Using This Template
This repo is set up such that you can clone it or select it from the **Repository Template** dropdown when creating a new repo via GitHub. As mentioned above, this repo has had the boilerplate code generated by Cargo (Rust) and Vite (Svelte) removed and/or modified to better suit our needs.

## Modifying This Template
**All changes to this repo must come from a pull request (PR) with a detailed description of each change.** This is intended to be a long-term solution that covers all the bases we need in order to write future software projects, and as such, we _must_ do it right. We should be ready to commit to any and all changes made to this repository for the long term.
